<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
                xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
                xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
                xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
                xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
                template="/WEB-INF/templates/main.xhtml">

    <ui:define name="title">Planthealth: Help</ui:define>

    <ui:define name="viewname">
        <ul>
            <li>Help</li>
        </ul>

        <ul>
            <li><em class="pi pi-chevron-right"></em></li>
        </ul>

        <ul>
            <li></li>
        </ul>
    </ui:define>

    <ui:define name="head">
        <link rel="stylesheet" href="/webjars/font-awesome/6.4.0/css/all.min.css" />
    </ui:define>

    <ui:define name="content">
        <div class="grid">
            <div class="col-12">
                <div class="card docs">
                    <h4>Current Version</h4>
                    <p>4.1.0 running on PrimeFaces 12.0.0</p>

                    <h4>Getting Started</h4>
                    <p>To begin with...</p>

                    <h4>Dashboard</h4>
                    <p> This is the main Page of our application, the dashboard will apeear different depending on the role of the user logged in.</p>
                    <ul>
                        <li>Admin dashboard</li>
                    </ul>
                    The admin will see all 3 dashboards if he doesent remove the other roles from himself.
                    From the Admin dashboard the Admin is able to see some top icons that display the number of registered users,access points, plants under care
                    along with the total numbers of measurements.
                    From his dashbord a admin can see a list of all sensor stations in the system with their sensor status and can click of them to show a bar graph
                    showing the last 6 measuremnts(1 per type)
                    At the end of the page the Admin is able to see a preview of the audit log that can be opened by clicking on the panle header.
                    By clicking on the button a adminc an open the sensor station detail view.
                    <ul>
                        <li>Gardener Dashbord</li>
                    </ul>
                    The Gardener can also see the topboxes.
                    On his dashbord the gardener will have a view very similar to that of a admin but only the sensor stations assigned to him will show
                    The gardener will also see the User dashbord below
                    <ul>
                        <li>User Dashbord</li>
                    </ul>
                    A user on his dashbord will se the plant he is actually following and by clicking on the apposite button he will be able to see thir plant page
                    by expanding the row the user will be able to see the last measurments for a given plant along with the sensor status.

                    <h4>Sensor Stations And Pairing</h4>
                    <p>Text</p>

                    <h4>Qr Codes and Landing pages</h4>
                    <p>Text</p>

                    <h4>Registration Page</h4>
                    <p>This page server multiple purposes.</p>



                    <h4>Pages</h4>
                    <p>Full list of available pages are;</p>

                    <ul>
                        <li>dashboard</li>
                        <li>editProfile</li>
                        <li>generateQrCode</li>
                        <li>help</li>
                        <li>plantCatalogue</li>
                        <li>plantPage</li>
                        <li>measurementManagement</li>
                        <li>sensorStationManagement</li>
                        <li>userManagement</li>
                        <li>imageManagement</li>
                        <li>accessPointsManagement</li>
                        <li>greenhouses</li>
                        <li>register</li>
                    </ul>

                    <h5>Plant Catalogue</h5>
                    <p>From this page it is possible to see all the plants in our system and Follow a plant or open the respective plant page</p>
                    A followed plant will be visible on the dashboard afterwards.
                    <h5>Manage Assigned Greenhouses (Gardener Only)</h5>
                    <p>Text...usage..</p>

                    <h5>Settings</h5>
                    <p>Text...usage..</p>

                    <h5>Manage Users</h5>
                    <p>Text...usage..</p>

                    <h5>Manage Sensor Stations</h5>
                    <p>Text...usage..</p>

                    <h5>greenhouses</h5>
                    <p>From this page a gardener will be able to see all the greenhouses assigned to hm.
                        by expanding a row a gardener can see the last measurements and the sensor status.
                        by clikking on the button the detailview can be opened
                    </p>

                    <h5>Manage Access Points</h5>
                    <p>Text...usage..</p>

                    <h5>Manage Plants</h5>
                    <p>Text...usage..</p>

                    <h5>Manage Images</h5>
                    <p>Text...usage..</p>

                    <h5>Audit Log</h5>
                    <p>Text...usage..</p>

                    <h5>Generate QrCode</h5>
                    <p>Text...usage..</p>


                </div>

            </div>
        </div>
    </ui:define>

</ui:composition>